Gwenevere Abriel: Are you at the end of your shift right now.
Fire Tablet: So I'm home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your home and you worked earlier today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Are you are you pooped. Are you tired. How you feeling right now.
Fire Tablet: I'm, I'm okay. I'm, I'm a little stressed, but I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to open up a note, but I want to hear. Tell me about what's going on for you.
Fire Tablet: Um, my car got broken into last night or yesterday while I was sleeping side of the house.
Fire Tablet: And this is like the fourth time that it's happened and it just really bothers me.
Fire Tablet: I'm still very violating they didn't take anything of value, but they did take something of sentimental value.
Oh,
Fire Tablet: So, that sucks.
Fire Tablet: I had a
Fire Tablet: St. Christopher travelers necklace hanging from my mirror and my mom gave it to me.
Fire Tablet: And it's for traveling. It's to protect you while you're traveling and it's not an expensive thing or anything like that. But it was important to me and now it's gone. Um, that really upset me
Fire Tablet: And then I just keep dealing with this fucking bitch at work and she's just stressing me the fuck out.
Fire Tablet: And to get me out of there.
Fire Tablet: She talked to one of our mutual coworkers and the mutual coworker approached me last night when I came into work.
Fire Tablet: And she said, can I talk to you. And I was like, okay, and she goes, I just want you to be aware of this, because I didn't want it to be turned around and just something that it wasn't. I just wanted you to hear it straight from me. She said that Stephanie.
Fire Tablet: came up to her and told her so. Chris is going to call you into the office. Chris is our head guy.
Fire Tablet: And when he does. If you could please tell him all the things that you've seen between me and Megan and what you've seen this going on and how you feel about it.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: She said that she went into she got called into Chris's office.
Fire Tablet: She got the vibe that Stephanie's kind of essentially told Chris like
Fire Tablet: Just ask. Stephanie. Stephanie will work destiny destiny will tell you, but definitely just said I, I know that when he asked what's going, what do you know what's going on between Megan and Stephanie. She said that, I don't know what anything that's going on. They're not on shift together.
Fire Tablet: She goes, and I haven't seen anything and then she said,
Fire Tablet: That she likes both of us, and she doesn't want to be involved in it. And then she said that
Fire Tablet: Chris, however.
Fire Tablet: Stephanie did approached me before this meeting and and she told me that I was going to get cold in here to talk to you about this and I felt that that was really manipulative like she was trying to get me to
Fire Tablet: Speak badly about Megan.
Fire Tablet: And that was all but
Fire Tablet: She did tell me that and and I did a really appreciate her honesty and I told her, I'm sorry. You're stuck in the middle. And she's like, Well, I'm knocked up in the middle. I was like, Oh, I'm sorry. You got even got pulled in at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she she she got herself out
Fire Tablet: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That was smart. So I like this Destiny's behavior like that she knows her own boundaries. I like to
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that.
Fire Tablet: Well, usually, she doesn't. So I'm surprised because
Fire Tablet: She's the one that does the shift trades with Stephanie to make her own schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Fire Tablet: And Stephanie. Stephanie to shift trades to completely get out of the bid that we did, and I'm a buffering seniority and even I don't get weekends off, but she trades to get weekends off every week.
Fire Tablet: Oh, that sounds like a bothers me.
Fire Tablet: Oh, go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I was saying that sounds like there's a real clear exchange she gets those weekends. Right, so
Fire Tablet: Yeah, and it bothers me because
Fire Tablet: It's not, it's it's bucking the system to be quite honest.
Fire Tablet: And it's not
Fire Tablet: Wrong.
Fire Tablet: By contract, but it's just morally wrong. Like it's fucking dirty.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, like I can totally get doing it every now and then we all need a break. I can totally get that. But every fucking weekend. So what was the point of doing a bit
Fire Tablet: Like I am ahead of you and I, I haven't gotten weekends. I've worked there for two years and I haven't gotten fuckin weekends off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so let me ask you again, I'm naive to pieces of this. So I don't mean to offend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's assume in some fantasy land that Stephanie would say yes, but could you just as easily switch with Stephanie and have weekends off to
Fire Tablet: Know,
Fire Tablet: Okay, because her days off.
Fire Tablet: Her days off or Tuesday and Wednesday. And so we're Destiny's but they're they're working doubles to get out of their schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't do that.
Fire Tablet: Or don't want to know. I can do that, but I'm not gonna
Fire Tablet: Let the problem is. So there's one thing that can happen.
Fire Tablet: Okay, so when you work 16 hours, you are now kept. You cannot work anymore 600
Fire Tablet: You have 60 minutes
Fire Tablet: A day. Mm hmm.
Fire Tablet: Cap out at 16 a day.
Yeah, so
Fire Tablet: They do a shift trade and she works at 16 hour shift of her own volition, that she signed up for so that they could manipulate their days off.
Fire Tablet: Well, I call in sick.
Fire Tablet: Or James calls in sick, my coworker, he calls in sick.
Fire Tablet: She's
Fire Tablet: Let's say Stephanie's ahead of me on the mandate list right she just got out of being mandated because she already worked a 16 hour shift.
Fire Tablet: So she completely skipped what's rightfully supposed to be her mandate, because she's already worked a 16 hour shift over own volition.
Fire Tablet: So I get mandated because I'm next in line after her.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to change that system.
Fire Tablet: I think that's dirty i think it's it's fucked up.
Fire Tablet: I do if I could do if I could change the system, I would say, Let's limit the shift trades to twice a month. That's your cap. You do twice a month. That's it.
Fire Tablet: But or request the day off or call in sick do what you gotta do, but this this bullshit. It's not fair and AND IT folks everybody over that the only
Fire Tablet: That's the behavior that has bothered me since the very beginning with her. Is this that she's very self centered very anything all of her behavior seems very manipulated towards helping her and no one else right and it really bothers me.
Fire Tablet: But
Fire Tablet: It's out of my control.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have an interview, I think, on the first of June with Cornelio County.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. How exciting.
Fire Tablet: I'm excited. It's a
Fire Tablet: Flower test.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, so I go in for four hours and I'm testing for four hours and
Fire Tablet: Then hopefully I'll find out within a month if I got hired or not, my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do they want any letters of recommendation, anything like that.
Fire Tablet: I don't know i right now. All I know is that I'm going in for the testing. So I already passed the first interview process. So I made it through like
Fire Tablet: qualifying for it.
Fire Tablet: Okay. Um, so now I have to test into it to see what if I can actually handle it or not, right, and then they go on to background checks letters of recommendation, things like that. Yeah, but it just, I don't know. I don't want to leave because I'm
Fire Tablet: Because I'm being pushed out. I want to leave because it's better for me because it's what's best for me and my family, but
Fire Tablet: She's doing anything, anything she possibly can to get me taken out of there. And that's very obvious and it's all dependent upon whose as she's kissing, but
Fire Tablet: She really is doing, she skipped the chain of command and talks to people way above what we're supposed to she just does whatever she wants. And
Fire Tablet: It just bothers me because it's like, wait a second. I follow the rules and I get fucking dinged
Fire Tablet: She completely Livia slee like ignores the rules and nobody does anything about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that doesn't have anything to do with Stephanie, that has to do with an organization.
Fire Tablet: Exactly. Exactly. And that's not Stephanie's fault. I will point blank say that
Fire Tablet: Because chris chris will listen to anything Sydney has to say because he spoke earlier but
Fire Tablet: Anybody else it's a no, it's, it's no loss. It's like Josh, for example, my direct supervisor. He's really super
Fire Tablet: He's
Fire Tablet: Frustrated right now. Oh yes, he's a really
Fire Tablet: Yeah, and he's a good boss and he's really frustrated because his power is so unlimited and he can't make a difference and help his staff, the way that he wants to. He's told to handle your shift handle your employees, but he has literally no tools to do that and
Fire Tablet: He's training a new trainee. And honestly, she's just not meant to be a dispatcher it's not her training, it's not her field and she doesn't belong in the in the field, but
Fire Tablet: Yeah, and it's frustrating him and he's tried to tell Chris Hey, this girl does not belong in dispatch, she's going to get somebody killed or
Fire Tablet: Or
Fire Tablet: Or worse, and he's just like,
Fire Tablet: Well, let's try it this way. Let's try it this way. No, you're not listening to me.
Fire Tablet: And he even had me write an email of what I seen and art Burke other coworker.
Fire Tablet: Because it's that bad.
Fire Tablet: It's literally that bad, like I would never want to get a call or to call 911 and speak to her. I would die.
Fire Tablet: So. She's a good woman. She's very kind. She's a very kind. Woman She's an older lady, but she's very sweet and it's very apparent that she's very lonely.
Fire Tablet: And she just wants somebody to talk to. So I talked to her and I always try to be very kind to her. I tried to show her ways of doing things a different way, perhaps because everybody learns differently, but she's just no no
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Fire Tablet: So, so God is my life.
Fire Tablet: And and I'm ready for em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do it. Let the healing begin
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get my screen all set up here and you're on phone or laptop.
Fire Tablet: I'm on Kindle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's like a like a like a Kindle size thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, there's like a tablet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we'll definitely going to need to tell objects because that's not to sound too wide probably wanted to pull
Gwenevere Abriel: Off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got options. We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Basic Structure here is to identify
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a negative cognition, that is connected to one of these distress memories and we can we can work with whatever you want to do more the more fundamental. They are
Gwenevere Abriel: The upside is we're getting at at really emotionally activating history that we could get some desensitization. And we can move forward downside is
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be activating and there can be this increase wave of distress in nightmares and things like that so
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't I mentioned a couple of the ones I have and then you might say, Yeah, that one or, oh, I've got a better one. So you're going to tell me where to focus. Okay. So first one I see
Gwenevere Abriel: This was a distress of it was big with Brittany I wanted a rapper throat out beat the shit out of her. I wanted to grab her by the face and run it by a cheese grater.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was pure page I'm day I just just writing down which said
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: You are, as they say.
Fire Tablet: These are like not used against me in a court of law.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, you are angry. So I'm emotion was Pure rage out of control out of my element I was close to losing it. And going back to jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how dare they hurt my mom kids got defensive me Andrew help guide. So those are little snippets and I'm not sure what all the pieces are but the quote was,
Gwenevere Abriel: Was Scott raped me. So there's something must have happened where maybe Brittany was something it be maybe okay to talk with Scott, possibly, I'm thinking that might be it don't know. But something was going on, you were very upset, obviously.
Fire Tablet: I don't, I'm not making that connection there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Fire Tablet: But I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, so something. It was probably around maybe having him over and you not maybe wanting it not understanding why she would be still speaking on speaking terms with him, that's my guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's move on. Okay, it'll come up, if it will at the story. Let's just keep going. So, and of course we know the song.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And we have also mom chewing with their mouth open.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have my kids have been asking about brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: They know about him because of mom and sister and that he's I put quote, No, no, like, I don't know exactly what that meant, but
Gwenevere Abriel: They have wonder and curiosity about it. They kind of wonder then, I have at a 30 kids interrupt when someone's talking. They walk up and demand my full attention. Doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are having an adult conversation the emotion is irritation, it's not their fault, their kids. I can't correct it move on. I have choice I pick my battles. So these are just little, little things here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now down at zero, which is getting close to go and below. I don't know that you're ready to kind of have this, but this was
Gwenevere Abriel: This sex. This was no eye contact, flat affect absent hollow cave bodies disconnected I ignore the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be pain, but I'm ignoring it. I won't feel anything no pleasure. I'm not paying attention. Sometimes there's discussed. I don't like what's happening. I don't physically run away. I need to do this for the other person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put myself somewhere else. I feel empty when I stay and I want to not be there. And actually, I put needs suds so I don't actually know what the distress level of that one was for some reason I put it down at the zero
Gwenevere Abriel: So those were intense you fix some heavy hitters here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you and don't let don't imagine any kind of expectation on my side. What do you want to be less emotionally reactive to and it could be happening in your current life.
Fire Tablet: When you brought up the second one.
Fire Tablet: That you want to be emotionally less emotionally reactive to that I do and I also want to be a less emotionally reactive to other people's
Fire Tablet: antagonize ation of me. Okay.
Fire Tablet: But if we're just going based off of the list that you just read
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not, though.
Fire Tablet: We can one that
Fire Tablet: The one that popped up was the sex one
Fire Tablet: Okay, but like when we talked about the song. I don't think I was ready.
Fire Tablet: I got term because that one just fucked me up. Not gonna lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha.
Fire Tablet: And so I, I am concerned about going into it, but I do want to go into it. I don't know if we can like
Fire Tablet: Go.
Fire Tablet: There, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's, how about we do this, we'll do, we'll, we'll revisit the
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe Space we'll revisit the team will get a good safe feeling and then you can decide
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're feeling safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may be interested in going there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, just so that I understand if if the topic has to do with I want to be less emotionally reactive. Could you finish that sentence. So I know what we're talking about.
Fire Tablet: When antagonized
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example of antagonized
Fire Tablet: teased.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who who's cheating area because notice how in some of these stories. If I don't have specifics, I can't bring you back to the to the actual memory, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not remembering him.
Fire Tablet: So this is the lead go somewhere else. Hold them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Fire Tablet: I would like to be less emotionally reactive
Fire Tablet: When
Fire Tablet: But OK. So when I, when I think of that question. I think I would like to be more emotionally reactive
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Fire Tablet: When it becomes when it comes to sec
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. So I would like to be which emotion. Would you like
Fire Tablet: Arousal
Fire Tablet: Excitement
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah fun
Increased
Gwenevere Abriel: Arousal excitement
Gwenevere Abriel: Before, during, what do you get a sense
Fire Tablet: Of it all of it.
Fire Tablet: Before, during, and after
Fire Tablet: I want to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah gonna stand your body
Fire Tablet: Yeah, I want to experience it and
Fire Tablet: I don't necessarily want to experience it at the level that my husband does, but I do want to experience it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that mean, what does he have that you aren't gonna that's not in this universe of possibility for you.
Fire Tablet: Well, when I have sex with him.
Fire Tablet: He's
Fire Tablet: He just has this way of truly like being in the moment and
Fire Tablet: Making eye contact and
Fire Tablet: He genuinely looks like he's experiencing pleasure.
Fire Tablet: But I'm sitting there thinking, well, what if he's closing his eyes and thinking about somebody else or what if he's
Fire Tablet: imagining something else. What if he's not really enjoying this you know
Fire Tablet: I can. I'm always so worried. Number one, about what he's thinking and how he's going to respond to
Fire Tablet: Our sex.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: Then after I get past that all the other shifters
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Fire Tablet: All right, like afterwards to host it like why can't you just lay and be with me in the moment and cuddle with me.
Fire Tablet: And at that point, I literally just want to fuck him physically run away, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, now that one I have, I have an idea about why that part is just not working for you. I guess I
Fire Tablet: His way of showing
Fire Tablet: Love is physical touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember that. Yeah, I remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now is can we talk a little bit about the the
Gwenevere Abriel: The discretion of the going outside the marriage for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so when you're bored with him. And I've since forgotten his name. We haven't talked about him in a while. What was his name.
Fire Tablet: Joey
Gwenevere Abriel: Joey when you were with Joey I thought you were having some fun in there. But were you or was there just
Gwenevere Abriel: I worry. Okay. All right. So, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do it.
Fire Tablet: Yes, but even with that.
Fire Tablet: There was, it was still it was a completely different basis, you know, there wasn't
Fire Tablet: A desire to connect
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know exactly. I've got an idea of where I want to go with this. So don't digress. Just, just tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: What you liked about you remember flashes of it. I liked it when I did this, I liked it when I gave myself permission to say this and do this will do this distinction about this different kind of lovemaking with a husband versus fucking okay
Fire Tablet: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just for now just, let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just since you already did it. I mean, let's talk about it. Let's talk about what works.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Fire Tablet: Do you think I'm a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like I'm judging you.
Fire Tablet: Know, but I just thought I'd ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I don't think you're a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you've got a body and I'm, what I'm actually excited about is that you actually it's and I'm about to hear from you. Maybe you do know how to have fun with it. So I want to kind of hear with with Joey what
Gwenevere Abriel: moments that you liked that you were doing. And then we'll kind of see if we can weave that into don't know that will do we. I'm Dr. I think just defining terms right now might be useful. And because this other piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can get into why this would be harder the intimacy part. Okay, so if we just say just just sex just right here is just, just the sex part. Let's talk about joy. So when I said
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your favorite part about how you caught a glimpse of the true self. The Passionate maybe excited turned on.
Fire Tablet: I felt desirable.
Fire Tablet: Okay, I felt desirable. I felt
Fire Tablet: Like
Fire Tablet: I wasn't forced
Fire Tablet: To do it or pushed do it or
Fire Tablet: Convince to do it or talked him to do it.
Fire Tablet: You know I made the choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Fire Tablet: I choose this it was solely a choice.
Fire Tablet: I had complete control.
I control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so those are, they are philosophical
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we can go into how you don't seem to feel philosophically that you have a choice with Andrew
Fire Tablet: I'm so no way to don't, to be honest.
Fire Tablet: Sometimes
Fire Tablet: I literally feel like I just do it because I want him to stop and I know that within a certain amount of time. It'll be over. And then I don't have to worry about it for the next few days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you want to stop is the pressure
Fire Tablet: I would love for the pressure to stop for him and I would love to be able to say
Fire Tablet: No.
Fire Tablet: Without feeling guilt.
Fire Tablet: Without feeling
Fire Tablet: Forced because I know he does, he says, Know.
Fire Tablet: When
Fire Tablet: Oh yeah, I know.
Fire Tablet: Especially right now because he's on a new medicine is causing problems.
Fire Tablet: And I think it's giving him a bit of
Fire Tablet: Anxiety and issues with it. And I'm not trying to draw attention to it. So it's kind of nice because I get a break on but
Fire Tablet: Um,
Fire Tablet: Oh, it was something I was gonna say it was important.
Gwenevere Abriel: He knows he has a right to say no and you don't
Fire Tablet: Know what I do. I just don't. I absolutely have that right
Fire Tablet: Okay, but then I feel like I say it, and he still kind of gets pushy.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: Still keeps touching
Fire Tablet: Tries to arouse me
Fire Tablet: But the thing about all of this is
Fire Tablet: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, that's a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, come on.
That's where the fun comes. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: I
Fire Tablet: Take care of that myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah so highly motivating when they get to have, you know,
Fire Tablet: But it's not just with him. It was everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so with Joey to. That's what I wanted to check on was with Joey to
Fire Tablet: Yeah, my whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude. Okay, so, um,
Fire Tablet: But I can do it. I know it's K
Gwenevere Abriel: Yellow. Yeah, I just can't.
Fire Tablet: Get it from them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so far.
Fire Tablet: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's go back. Let's go back to Joey because it's you don't love him. I think that's over. So it. Yeah, I feel like it's, there's a little bit. There's only one
Fire Tablet: Time thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's less intensity around it. So let's go there for just a minute. What I heard is it was you fundamentally moving toward him
Gwenevere Abriel: When you wanted to move toward him that piece is important. And so the difference between that and Andrew is
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you have said, I don't want to. I'm imagining Megan your hope is that when you say
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to however you say it.
Fire Tablet: be respected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And so that's where
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody's disappointment is that it's not just about sex. It's about
Fire Tablet: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is because we think
Gwenevere Abriel: If we say at one. Same with our kids. I've told you guys don't don't come busting in the door. It's a closed door already told you I meet with such and such. It's so and so time you guys keep us in
Gwenevere Abriel: And they keep disrespecting your boundary. They keep disrespecting you
Gwenevere Abriel: And you keep getting maybe disappointed and angry or whatever it is.
Fire Tablet: And oh, it's all of that and I get that with him to with everything like
Fire Tablet: A tea in the refrigerator.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I remember tease, is that still going on.
Fire Tablet: All it's always going on and
Fire Tablet: It all comes down to boundaries.
Fire Tablet: And I know it.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, my biggest
Fire Tablet: Boundary Center has always been and will I feel like always be and it confused me is sex.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I do enjoy
Fire Tablet: Being close to somebody. I even if I don't climax. I enjoy the touch of someone else. The desire of being desired
Fire Tablet: His smell.
Fire Tablet: Oh wait, that
Fire Tablet: Yeah, the way that
Fire Tablet: Because I know that his smell it safe. His smell is safe to me and smells are big thing for me.
Fire Tablet: And they're really big and they're all my triggers combined our smells.
And
Fire Tablet: His smell is safe.
Fire Tablet: And I feel that when I'm with him intimately
Fire Tablet: And so I'm getting more than just
Fire Tablet: The end result. I'm actually not getting the end result. But I'm getting other things right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't know you've got a lot of a lot of things that are working. Look what you have, you have like the touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like
Because
Fire Tablet: You know,
Fire Tablet: When I permitted, but when I permitted and that's what it was there, which are we okay
Fire Tablet: It was permission. It was Otter permission.
Fire Tablet: When you get in. Exactly. I gave it I initiated. I said, Let's, let's do this. I am there and
Fire Tablet: I
Fire Tablet: And that felt so good. Having that back again after so long that I have the power to say go
Fire Tablet: And it is respected, if I say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this power on me the details of this. I'm curious about. So in other words, it was that power was it like this, as in Joey basically played a bit of a one down position where he he would do physical things exactly he was waiting for your direction just all the way through.
Fire Tablet: Know,
Fire Tablet: So,
Fire Tablet: There was flirting like even just building up to that.
Fire Tablet: Rotation and
Fire Tablet: The communication, the
Fire Tablet: The what we would do us and
Fire Tablet: Like all those fun, exciting fresh things that, like all the interesting stuff.
Fire Tablet: And there was straight I shit you not straight. Are you okay with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Fire Tablet: Like, and that was so
Fire Tablet: Wonderful.
Fire Tablet: Me because it meant more than what he realized
Fire Tablet: And and it was like fuck yeah fuck yeah, it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Literally asked out. Are you okay with this.
Fire Tablet: Yes. And he was shaking and shaking and he asked multiple times. If I was still okay if I was comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Even during
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: And like
Fire Tablet: I felt
Fire Tablet: Good.
Fire Tablet: If I'm
Fire Tablet: Just, it was just there was just permission happening. The whole time and
Fire Tablet: How would you, what would you like this or what you like this and
Fire Tablet: And the end the whole entire time that was happening and it was. That's the part I enjoyed the most is just being heard and being listened to, and being understood and being respected.
Fire Tablet: That my word carried weight and if I would have said, I know it. I would have said, we have to stop.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just do some some analysis here for a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the expectation that sex in this marriage be everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's, that's what our current culture asks it asks that marriage be he'd be your best friend that he'd be the best lover, you've ever had that he'd be the best parent
Gwenevere Abriel: It does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our culture sets up that way.
Fire Tablet: And it does, it does.
Fire Tablet: But really,
Fire Tablet: It's, it's not reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not. It's not. And I think now, I'm not a sex therapist. Um, so I'm coming a bit outside of my my specialty. So I'll share what I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not. I'm not specially trained in it so
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Women have been completely misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that our sort of patriarchal culture has said that we're timid and we want to be, you know, we want sit and just safe. We just want familiar and comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my reading is not that what I'm reading is we like new. We want it interesting and we want we want to want we want this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Fire Tablet: Oh yeah, totally. I want that. That was the most like exciting thing about it is like I was totally into it like I was invested like I made the choice to get on board.
Fire Tablet: Right and
Fire Tablet: Yeah, go ahead, please. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm glad that one resonates. So that seems to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that not everybody knows about including men. They don't know that it were the message that sent out is that men like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were we get all they want something new. They want a new girl. They want younger, whatever. That's pretty socially normalized. But I don't think that the expectation is that women also they want
Gwenevere Abriel: Strange different they want something that's not bitching and
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's true, if what you like is just this is going to it's exciting because I don't know what it's going to be like it could be amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not burdened with having to take care of this, ma'am.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, I don't have to worry about a fucking thing after this I can get up and I can fucking lean
Fire Tablet: And I'm golden.
Fire Tablet: Like we are good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. So if you just hold that that part right there. That's what just
Gwenevere Abriel: I you know what I was calling fucking like literally in its terms, meaning there's no emotional intimacy. That's what it gives you
Gwenevere Abriel: It gives you this space that you don't have to process. Anything later on about what happened. We don't have to talk about it later. It's nothing. It's just this was the act. I got to do it was fun. It was play it was isolated to this event. And I'm going to go on with my life and
Fire Tablet: It's over.
Fire Tablet: And that's exactly what it was.
Fire Tablet: And I do carry guilt. I'm not gonna lie, but I also don't and I feel like bad because I feel like I should carry more than what I do.
Fire Tablet: But then I'm like sitting there thinking, especially during the ugly times where I'm like,
Fire Tablet: You know what
Fire Tablet: This was for me and it really had nothing to do with you and that's what my fucking life consists of is you
Right.
Fire Tablet: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so that it and it's probably not much more complicated than just those simple amount simple elements that you went way outside your normal moral compass right you have way outside and I know that our
Fire Tablet: Yeah. That is not my
Fire Tablet: Who I am, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Desperate. I think for a little bit of you to show up in its raw authentic self. We all want that.
Fire Tablet: That sense if I didn't. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, absolutely. And it's completely compressed and that's what everybody all my loved ones say about me in my marriage and Andrew is that I've just become this
Fire Tablet: Suppressed quiet subdued obeying
Fire Tablet: Woman that gets walked all over and trashed and hurt and
Fire Tablet: Children get hurt, and nobody physically but emotionally
Fire Tablet: And that I've just lost me in this and it's been 10 years of this and
Fire Tablet: That moment I felt
Fire Tablet: A little bit more.
Fire Tablet: Like who I wish I could be all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're going to see if that motivation if having had that experience with Joey is something that you might risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just stay right in here. If you're willing to, we're not going to go anywhere else not going to go into guilt not going to go any of those other moving parts about it. We're just going to go into this
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like to take that vitality that excitement that arousal knowing exactly what you want to say it again. What if you took the fact that you do know what you want. You do know what you like you took that
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had an expectation and we're just going to take one action and you took that that you already know is true and you turn it towards Andrew just one thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you asked of it, meaning asked him, Andrew, maybe not verbally, but you had
Gwenevere Abriel: The plan to have it happen with him. In other words, this is what I did with Joey. This is what I'm going to do with Andrew
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to give you an example.
Fire Tablet: Okay.
Fire Tablet: So here, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm making up I'm making shit up. But you'll get the idea. So here's Joey over here like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so just your legs, you know. Ah, right. OK. So I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm flirting. I am turned on, I
Fire Tablet: am excited
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now here's here's Andrew
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to turn on. So I just inhaled, and I just like the smell. That's, that is, by the way, really cool that you have that that's neat that you really because
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's like a core sort of that raw animal in us, you know that the sense that you have that's really awesome. So, and you initiate that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on to that for just a minute does not go 10 steps ahead just I want to check in with my client and see what's happening to you when you imagine that you
Fire Tablet: Would be shredded by both
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Excited excited. Okay, so it's not immersive, it's not. You're not freaking out. It's just
Fire Tablet: Okay, you're in know it's like, oh,
Fire Tablet: Yes and yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Fire Tablet: Let's use the app and smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it lets us ask you. Oh really.
Fire Tablet: beautiful, gorgeous, gorgeous that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, you know, maybe kind of storing that in your head.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, well, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So actually, everything is is working justice planned everything's working right now. So what's happening is, is I believe you're giving yourself permission to be
Gwenevere Abriel: a sexual being with Andrew without the, the, I've got to take care of you, the emotional intimacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of the psychological meaning that that sex has. So what that in that moment means that was authentic. It was spontaneous.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't part of my trauma history wasn't any of that it was in the moment and I wanted to find out if you had it liked it could do it. And it sounds like it's there.
Fire Tablet: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is, this is like the 10 step forward part. Do you think that Andrew has the, let's say, you know, he wasn't having any kind of difficulty with an erection or anything, let's just say
Gwenevere Abriel: He a directional orgasm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's say you didn't have to worry about any anything about cuddle anything about eye contact, where let's say you didn't have to worry at all that somehow there was this safe word
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe, whatever. And we're hey I want to whatever the word is I want to, I want to get laid or sign on what so I want to do this thing. I want to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's more along the lines of more like
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be my role. This is going to be yours and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you deviate from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I'm not going to do it. I'm just gonna say stop, I'm gonna not do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what would be the things you'd need to have happen in order for you to be able to just do sex with Andrew without having to take care of him. If you just use body and know that sounded my
Fire Tablet: Current state like if there was
Fire Tablet: Just how I am right now with all the trauma and shit on board.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Fire Tablet: Okay.
Fire Tablet: Um,
Fire Tablet: no eye contact.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. So how would you pull that off because he's got eyeballs. Would you put some oversight.
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. Line fold. Okay, fine.
Fire Tablet: Time ties arms up, so he cannot
Fire Tablet: Touch
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't
Fire Tablet: You can't touch.
Fire Tablet: I will leave legs loose.
Fire Tablet: Because
Fire Tablet: You know, I need mobility to happen. You got to help me out as well.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: You have to make sounds like you have to respond to the pleasure that I'm giving him. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes like
Fire Tablet: He has to moan. He has to
Fire Tablet: feel pleasure. Like, like he has to yell or something. Cuz if you very vocal very vocal and running responsive to everything that I do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Fire Tablet: I get to do it upon
Fire Tablet: My own choice. I get to touch what I want feel what I want
Fire Tablet: But he can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I got
Fire Tablet: And and
Fire Tablet: Toys everything
Fire Tablet: Though she Bang is out.
Fire Tablet: And like toys all of it and
Fire Tablet: He's just having like ultimate pleasure response from me.
Fire Tablet: And I am in ultimate pleasure mode, like, but I made complete and utter control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay now.
Fire Tablet: You can't like
Deviate
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how are you feeling in the body right now is we're
We're talking, I am aroused.
Fire Tablet: I am I am thinking about
Fire Tablet: Doing all of those things to my husband.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that a much more exciting and pleasant idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than having to conform to what you think you're supposed to like
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead tuning into what you get excited by
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it's a completely different encounter.
Fire Tablet: It is, but like, for example, sometimes I like aggression into that I like aggressive. Yes. I think it's hot like pull my hair. Let's do it. Like, let's get down and
Fire Tablet: Andrews, a much more delicate and gentle.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I know like he hasn't outright said it in these words but
Fire Tablet: That a lot of the things that
Fire Tablet: I want or things about how I go things sexually are because of what's happened to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you think
Fire Tablet: I think he's right but
Fire Tablet: That's not for him to say
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Yeah. And so what like
Gwenevere Abriel: We are not example, we do not control what our fetishes are
Gwenevere Abriel: What arouses us. This is a deeply personal and it is people get to decide when I
Fire Tablet: can't change it, it's
Fire Tablet: not who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it doesn't make you bad. It's just there it is, someone might say that his approach is bad. I mean, so what
Fire Tablet: But that's
Fire Tablet: Like he makes this team that way, like that. I like these things are want these things or deviate from these things because of that.
Fire Tablet: And I don't want that to be the defining factor.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Megan. Hi, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: At what point did I raise my hand and say let's do psychoanalysis about why you want to tie up his hands. I didn't. What I did was get into it. That's what play is
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly psycho analysis. I don't want to be analyzed why I want it this way. And what that shit.
Fire Tablet: I just wanted a joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, and I don't want to have to worry about your feelings.
Fire Tablet: And hurting your feelings.
Fire Tablet: And hurting my feelings and
Fire Tablet: Wondering if I'm going to be okay. At the end of this or if you're going to be okay. At the end of this or if I just messed up with this or if
Fire Tablet: You know, I just sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: But that's happening all the time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're already doing it basically
Gwenevere Abriel: By diverting your preference and it's it's not. It's not pleasant. Now the only part I wonder about is only you can navigate whether there's enough that he has the ego strength, whether there's enough ego strength in him in this relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to trust him. If you were to say, Listen, I don't want to hear your psychobabble nice scrolling and like that. I don't want
Gwenevere Abriel: warm, fuzzy. I just, I wanted to be hot. And this is what I want, do you want to do it, yes or no, I don't want to hear your analysis of the BA BA BA BA BA. It's either yes or now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already have a therapist for all that so
Fire Tablet: Like you tell him, though, by the way.
Fire Tablet: Absolutely. Do I said we got that covered. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Now he has a right to say no. So you're going to need the ego strength to to be able to respect.
Fire Tablet: Except the know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because he really may like this, this, this.
Gwenevere Abriel: warm, fuzzy approach and that has that has to be okay too. And so maybe if it was both of yours. Okay, that, you know, some
Gwenevere Abriel: night or day or whatever, it could be this look like this, another night. It could be okay. It'll be candlelit soft music, it'll be this nice slow kind of gentle and I'll try to have eye contact. I'll really really work on it.
Fire Tablet: And we have to wait till I approach you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right, right, of course. There'll be some compromise there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe that's how it goes. Is is he'll be able to say, well, I can do you know 80 90% of what you just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to be able to have a safe word where I can do my hands, cuz I'm kind of freaked out with, you know, an hour of it and maybe you'll say, that's fine. And then we'll take a little break and I'll go have a beer and and you'll have
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you there's no I'm trying to say like even the yes
Fire Tablet: No, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with some modification could be exciting because it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh gosh, we might actually do this.
Fire Tablet: Well, we have done some of that there. I definitely know that he stepped out of his comfort zone to meet my sexual needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Fire Tablet: He has done that. I'm not to say like over 10 years and he hasn't done that at all because he absolutely has
Fire Tablet: But then I think it affected him afterwards. And it also, it wasn't something that was often repeated or done again.
Fire Tablet: But like in something I just really, really enjoyed, and it was not quite the same for him but
Fire Tablet: I also do the same for him like
Fire Tablet: I just feel like it's more me
Fire Tablet: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, here's my guests and I don't know quite how to say it. And again, I'm recommending Esther Perel as a place to to read and YouTube just
Gwenevere Abriel: So generous with her information, super, super smart woman. And this is all she does is just sex, sex, sex, sex.
Fire Tablet: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What sex gives you
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way that you can sort of have this orgasm on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't trigger
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotional trauma, the way intimacy does
Fire Tablet: Absolutely. RINGING
Fire Tablet: You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: How do I explain that to my partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how few words. I just said, Say it back to me.
Fire Tablet: What you
Fire Tablet: Okay, see if it's already there. It's I'm already like, what the fuck
Yeah.
Fire Tablet: Hold on.
Fire Tablet: The emotional
Fire Tablet: connection that you get
Fire Tablet: I know. Can you say it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So first of all, it's going to be, I guess it's very much and I think so it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I what what just straight fucking does for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm and I enjoy it and I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: second guessing myself and I'm not in my head what it gives me
Gwenevere Abriel: Is great.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens for me when I do, what is love making will call it with you. Is it triggers the emotional trauma history of my past now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear that. But if that's true, then
Gwenevere Abriel: So what a that's happening and and be. It doesn't mean it's going to be like that forever and see
Gwenevere Abriel: He may have a like, oh, what does that mean, you know, I, I'm the one is traumatizing
Gwenevere Abriel: We, we don't know what the responsible but if that's true, that wouldn't be uncommon.
Fire Tablet: But that is exactly what's happening. Yeah, that and it's not just with the lovemaking and like the cuddling and
Fire Tablet: It's, it's the touching and
Fire Tablet: But it happens most during that time and I'm
Fire Tablet: I like. Like I said, I literally want fucking run. And it's because of those words right there. Fucking for me.
Fire Tablet: I don't have to do the fucking bullshit and I'm gonna have to get an orgasm out of it. It's just fucking wrongness right it's raw sexual fucking and I don't have to feel anything for you.
Fire Tablet: Right, I don't have to. I don't have to feel anything about you, but when you try to make love to me.
Fire Tablet: Or you try to connect with me in a sexual or sexual level.
Fire Tablet: I want to crumble up into a little ball.
Fire Tablet: And hide.
Yeah.
Fire Tablet: And I feel guilty for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, that's my next clients here don't run away, but that I'm just letting me know, because I want to kind of have like a smooth transition here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this trauma history that you have the irony is, is what Andrew was saying is it's that that aggression part he thinks is problematic.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what it is the other way around, right, what that does for you is it frees you up to not sort of be aware of other
Gwenevere Abriel: It just you back in your body gives you a chance to restart reboot and get into your own sexuality. It's not to say that later on. You're not going to be able to have that
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not right now. Right.
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That just for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get back in your own body in contact with another human being because masturbation is one thing, but to be able to do this with another person, like, how about we just start with that, like how you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I already had because of the trauma someone messed with it. They already messed with what was supposed to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: The ability to feel safe to do that to do both. That got that you were robbed. But it doesn't mean that's the end of the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if this is just a restart where you get to get back in the body get to be this sexual being.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get comfortable with it being it without having to think of other because that right as in other thinking of other was dangerous. It's just this. It's just this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yuck. So instead, you just sort of staying in your own body doing that for a while, you read that he's comfortable with it and then later on, look at it again and say, well, maybe I'd like to try this other thing. How can I still be this this sexual being. And like what I like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also love
Gwenevere Abriel: This person cannot and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, there's the other. Maybe it's a face like then there's this next step.
Fire Tablet: Like 29 years
Fire Tablet: It's a really long thing the hit the face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you
Fire Tablet: Able to meet him there.
Fire Tablet: Are you
Fire Tablet: Okay, but I can't.
Fire Tablet: I don't know how. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, this is, this has its own specialty. So I'm not going to pretend like it's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm suspecting based on our conversations that this right in here that it be if it were okay for you to have some fun. This way, not be drawn in by sight, you know, analysis from Andrew. She's in the field. So he's got some some words and
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: The old subjugation that you did when you were younger, that you continue to do in this marriage.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know it, it could be very traumatizing for you. So I certainly and I invite you to explore staying in that strength staying in that confidence and power that comes from doing the things that you enjoy. Because what's bringing back the trauma is not the hair pulling
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: There's certain things that are going on in these intimate movements with husband that are triggering
Fire Tablet: Mm hmm. That's exactly right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very simple, right. It's that it's these things that I've been asking for. They don't trigger for me, please. You know, that's your analysis and I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: These I can get out of my friggin head and I can have fun. The slow stuff this touch this, these certain things they trigger me currently
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do them because I love you and blah, blah, blah, blah. Whatever you decide, Is your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just so you know Andrew don't don't come into my head space that's not true for me for me. This makes it possible for me to have fun in a sex life. And this one is more challenging but but just so you know it's not what you think Andrew
Fire Tablet: It's like I yeah
Fire Tablet: Okay, it's my true
Fire Tablet: Next Friday. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just looking ahead, just a little bit heads up. I have another training on
Gwenevere Abriel: June 5 next one is may 29 which is fine, right, am
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving you a heads up that
Gwenevere Abriel: We may i don't know if you do want to try to book. Something else that week between June 1 June 4 because the training is on a Friday and a Saturday. So, June 5 and
Gwenevere Abriel: This is like an
Gwenevere Abriel: Aka long thing so comes up every once awhile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. Okay. So let me tell you what I've got right now. I don't know what your work schedule is and you'll have to keep me posted. But right now I have ATM open on June 3 which is a Wednesday. Let's
Fire Tablet: Do that.
Fire Tablet: Let's do that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Well, listen, um, you did some hard work today, right.
Fire Tablet: No thank you.
Fire Tablet: Thank you very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I will talk with you next Friday I did you have a plan to go to a group or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jimmy
Gwenevere Abriel: Group, did you want to go to a group. I'll make a little note somewhere.
Fire Tablet: Oh yeah, I will. I just went to one recently denied. I think I still have a few more weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, fine. Why I was just going to write it down. If you happen to know
Fire Tablet: Otherwise, all yeah
Fire Tablet: Can we do it next week. Sure.
Fire Tablet: Next week, I
Fire Tablet: Schedule it with you. That way it's guaranteed.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about you may so may 26 Tuesday at 12
Fire Tablet: Sure. Okay, perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And I was seeing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be good to
Fire Tablet: Go right. Thank you.
Okay, bye. But